To show the project to your faculty, you do NOT need to re-run the training or hyperparameter tuning scripts (which take a long time on CPU).

Since all your experimental data is already saved in the local database, you only need to start the web servers (which takes 2 seconds).

Here is the exact quick checklist of what to do on the day of your presentation:

Step 1: Start the services (takes 2 seconds)
Before your faculty arrives, open PowerShell in your docker/ folder and run:

powershell
docker compose up -d
(This starts the UIs and the API. You do not need to run train.py or tune.py again).

Step 2: What to Show Your Faculty (The Demo)
Open these tabs in your browser to present:

Tab 1: MLflow UI (Experiment Tracking)
URL: http://localhost:5002
What to show:
Show them the list of 16 runs from your Optuna tuning.
Select a few trials, click Compare, and scroll down to show the Parallel Coordinates Plot (which visually shows how different hyperparameters affected the ROUGE-L score).
Go to the Models tab at the top and show them the registered TextSummarizerBest model.
Tab 2: FastAPI Swagger Docs (Live API Demo)
URL: http://localhost:8002/docs
What to show:
Click GET /health and execute it to show that the API is healthy and running the registered model TextSummarizerBest.
Click POST /summarize, enter a sample paragraph, click Execute, and show them the live generated summary and response latency.
Tab 3: Grafana Dashboard (Production Monitoring)
URL: http://localhost:3002 (Login: admin / admin)
What to show:
Open the Text Summarization Service Performance dashboard.
Show them the real-time monitoring charts showing target health (UP), total requests processed, average request latency, and token distributions.
Tab 4: Exported CSV Report
File: 

mlflow_runs.csv
What to show: Show them the exported spreadsheet containing the parameters and metrics of all experiment runs.
Step 3: Stop the services when done
After your presentation is complete, shut down the services to free up your computer's RAM:

powershell
docker compose down
